Pass of security, references, appendices, and acks (#498)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf: draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf.md

## The Aggregation Parameter {#agg-param-security}

As described in {{sec-daf-validity-scopes}} and {{sec-vdaf-validity-scopes}}
respectively, DAFs and VDAFs may impose restrictions on the re-use of reports.
For Prio3, reports should only be aggregated once; for Poplar1, reports may be
aggregated multiple times, but never twice at the same level of the tree.
Otherwise, we risk re-using correlated randomness, which might compromise
confidentiality of the Client's measurement.

> Higher level application that use DAFs or VDAFs MUST enforce aggregation

Reviewer: nit: grammar
```suggestion
Higher level applications that use DAFs or VDAFs MUST enforce aggregation
```

# Test Vectors {#test-vectors}

Test vectors for Prio3 ({{prio3}}) and Poplar1 ({{poplar1}}) are available at
{{TestVectors}}. The test vector directory, `test_vec/vdaf`, contains a set of
JSON files. Each file contains a test vector for an instance of class `Vdaf` as
defined in {{vdaf}}. A test vector covers sharding, preparation, aggregation,

> and unsharding of each of several measurements. The test vector schema is

Reviewer: nit: This may be a bit clearer, since the aggregation and unsharding operate on the batch as a whole.
```suggestion
and unsharding of a batch of several measurements. The test vector schema is
```
